#  MDEditor. 

## The app for creation and editing markdown files.

# Project build.

## Swiftlint

* Project using *swiftlint* for code style control. All adding moduls must correspond rules.
For install *swiftlint* use Brew in your terminal. Do the following steps:
- brew install
- brew install swiftlint
Then in buld phases of your project you need to add new script (with name "Run Swiftlint") and fill the text place with:

	export PATH="$PATH:/opt/homebrew/bin"
	if which swiftlint > /dev/null; then
		swiftlint
	else
		echo "warning: SwiftLint not installed, download from https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint"
		exit 1
	fi
	
Checkbox "Based on dependancy analysis" must be false.
	
## SwiftGen

* Project use *SwiftGen* for generation localization files.
For instal *SwiftGen* use Brew in your terminal. Do the following steps:
- brew install
- brew install swiftgen
Then in buld phases of your project you need to add new script (with name "Run SwiftGen") and fill the text place with:

	*MdEditor/SwiftGen/swiftgen.sh*
	
Also you need to add output pathes for autogeneration files. Select root MdEditor, select Build Phases and in
Output Files add two pathes:
	*$(SRCROOT)/MdEditor/SupportingFiles/Autogenerated/Strings.swift*
	*$(SRCROOT)/MdEditor/SupportingFiles/Autogenerated/Assets.swift*

## Tuist

* Project use *Tuist* for continues integration on Github (see more on https://tuist.io). For install use your terminal with command:

	curl -Ls https://install.tuist.io | bash

Then you need to go on path your project in terminal and execute the command:

	tuist edit

Xcode will be started and you can change the file *project.swift*. This file is instruction for building project, there are storing all dependencies and targets of project.
After changing *project.swift* you need to return on terminal and press Control + C. This command are fixed your changings.

Project contains an external dependencies, and for correct usage your need to enter command:

	tuist fetch

This command are execute the downloading your external dependencies.

Next you can try to generate project with command: 

	tuist generate

If generating is successful Xcode will be start, else you will see a message with problem description and instruction for problem resolving.
